youtube what is going on it is you got
bridgeforth and today i have a different
type of video for you all um i received
my new skull fun paddles in the mail um
and they look they look pretty much the
same as the O's did until I started you
know putting them on the controller and
I thought you know what these are pretty
badass so maybe I should make a video of
this okay these are the original um if
you have a scuffle one you know that
these are the original scuff paddles I
think these are I think these are the
same ones that are on the 360 as well
but the problem is is that the xbox one
shape is different than that of the xbox
360 controller or whatever so these
paddles were extremely hard to hit a lot
of people complain about having to
having a dual uncomfortable reach around
to hit those paddles or whatever and we
weren't custom to having having you know
so much problems with our paddles or
whatever there was so such a great
innovative thing to add to the 360 stuff
and we was thinking that the same type
of movement same type of usage would be
available on the scuff one and it isn't
or whatever until now so these I just
unscrew them with those four little
screws if you can see that there's four
little screws or whatever there were on
the back of this is my skull one here as
well it's my scuffle 1 i've been taking
the part we have some problem with it's
actually messed up have to send him back
into him but this is my scuff one's
pretty bad as i love i love how it looks
this is the back of the paddles go here
and you can see that need some more
lighting in here
get a better life if I can hope that um
could you maybe this is a little better
maybe no it was not but uh there are
little little grooves in the back of the
controller to where the paddles length
or whatever now the difference is in
between these two paddle this is the new
one and this is the one that came with
the controller it's the back of it it
has a funny little hump here I wish I
can get that better I really can't get
any better I apologize with it but it
has a funny little hump here right and
when you lay that on the back of the
controller their little hump it it makes
the paddle sit in the corner instead of
originally it was flat like this but now
it pops up in the corner a little bit
and now it's farther when you when your
plane is farther to the closer to your
fingers it wasn't is not so far away
close closer to your fingers making it
easier to press in essentially and I
think I think they did a great job man
with they sent all these out to everyone
if you bother scuff one that sent you
all of these paddles for free I'm pretty
sure if you buy a scuffle one now and
then they'll just come with it
originally now I think it's a great a
great idea man scuffle and stuff I'm not
sponsored by stuff at all I don't know i
paid my two merchants all the dollars
for every stuff i had and i sponsored by
anyone so this is just a true review of
it and once i play up if i play my xbox
one again i actually have a sitting in
my in my bedroom there's a cable box cuz
that's all it is for me right now but
back to the story of men back to the
point if i do cut my scuffling again i
will get my salon my xbox one again i
would definitely definitely try these
out and give a review on them but i'm
very happy man and the only reason that
why i could play
play cod on the xbox one was because I
had a scuff and since my stuff broke or
whatever I broke the right trigger the
right thumbstick is off a little bit
since he got messed up I haven't really
been playing cod as much and now I might
go back to Planet you know once i get
that looked at but definitely I will be
trying this out man and given a full
full review on those after gameplay but
from first look like that's like that's
what we want it from the original stuff
you know have the other pedals you know
or easier to hit you know with your
thumbs whatever you and it was hard yet
the reach-around fall I can't really I
can't really show that unless you're
actually planning or whatever but if you
have scuffle one then you know but hope
y'all enjoyed the video um try them out
if you have asked of you should be in
the mid of mine came today it should
they should be in the mail no try them
out they should hopefully hopefully you
know you get your cydia whatever I think
it's a great idea things don't make the
scuffle want a lot better but if you all
enjoyed the video please like it
favorite comment subscribe and you
already know what's nicks you too I will
see you later